============================================
= Nick's Custom Rooms - Disk 01, Version 2 =
=== By Nick, AKA NIQNick, AKA BulletNick ===
============================================

Credits and Links:

Made for Star of Providence:
https://store.steampowered.com/app/603960/Star_of_Providence/

Star of Providence made by:
Alex, Flan, Garo, Pure

Made with Advanced Geomancy:
https://snakeblock.itch.io/advanced-geomancy

Advanced Geomancy made by:
Snakeblock,Minari,RENREN,Musicano,Thierry

You can get in touch with me over at:
    Discord: @niqnick
    Bluesky: @niqnick.bsky.social
    YouTube: @NIQNick
    Twitch:   bulletnick
    Steam:    bullet_nick95

Notes:

The release of Advanced Geomancy was a total
and complete surprise to everyone who wasn't
working on it, or part of the dev team. Not
even beta testers were in the know about it.
For most of us, it simply appeared one day
out of nowhere, fully-formed and extremely
polished, with no anticipation or teasers.

It released on the fourth year of the very
long StarProv drought between the release of
Relics of the Past and the big update with
the Switch port. It was a sorely needed shot
in the arm for community activity and shared
enthusiasm. The possibilities had been blown
wide open. And, not surprisingly, I wanted
to be part of that moment.

So I made Disk 01, a set of 50 rooms (and 1
freebie) made by me, while also deliberately
not looking too closely at what others had
made so I did not accidentally copy anyone's
ideas. Even if it means I also end up using
concepts that have been seen so many times
but that I'm unaware of how tired others are
of them.

It did not take long for me to realize where
my artistic interests lay, in the medium of
custom StarProv rooms. I'm sure many people
are quite gifted at making solid, reliable
rooms with finely-honely, expertly-balanced
combat. The kind of rooms that the game very
much relies on to be such a fun experience.
But that's isn't me; that's not quite what I
want to do with the program.

I am inevitably drawn to making rooms that
are instead mechanically interested, or have
interesting layouts, or interactions between
game elements. In a word, gimmicky. I just
like making rooms with mechanical gimmicks,
or a twist, or really want to be approached
in a particular way that relies on having a
bit of technical knowledge on the ways that
certain elements behave.

I've only made normal combat rooms. There's
no miniboss rooms in this pack, because it
seems those aren't interesting enough for me
to make. Perhaps a concept for me to tackle
another time.

So I made it and published it. It got a bit
of attention, and I felt like I had run out
of ideas, so it was left like that. And then
several months later, there was a new beta
build for me to test, which included brand
new, official rooms to test. And I started
thinking again about the design and balance
of rooms.

I felt like it was a good opportunity to go
back to my Disk 01 and look at it again, but
with fresh eyes, and a renewed sense of the
level of difficulty more rooms in the game
actually have. Looking at what I've made but
almost ten months later, I felt like the way
I'd executed most of my ideas was that the
gimmicks were still good, but that they were
just too difficult, in the sense that they
were bogged down by combat. They simply had
too many enemies, that were haphazardly just
put in there without considering that maybe
I needed to be more measured in that regard.

Now we have Version 2. All of the gimmicks I
put into the first version are still there,
preserved but with a few tweaks, but taking
the opportunity to generally smooth out the
difficult of combat. It's far from perfect,
but I want the focus of my rooms to be the
neat mechanical interactions, and not making
people grapple with them as they deal with
more enemies than is really needed.

Version 1 is still available if people want
it, both on the Discord server, as well as
by just asking me personally. I don't feel
shame in Version 1, it is still something I
made with enthusiasm and passion, but I want
to put Version 2 up as the intended version
of my ideas; a more polished iteration.

I hope you enjoy Disk 01, Version 2. I also
took the chance with this newest version to
make the whole room pack a little bit more
of a package. It's nice to get not just the
file, but extra goodies with it to enhance
the experience just a little bit. It reminds
me of software distribution of another time.
It's the details and extra care and time put
into things that makes them just that little
bit more delightful to receive.

Feel free to send any feedback (in a polite
fashion, please) or comments my way; it very
much makes my day to know people like what
I have made. Feel free to share this package
with others, as long as you credit me as the
author. And you are not allowed to sell it,
either. I think that's about it. Have fun!

-Nick
